In Python, there are several libraries available for working with graphs and visualizing them. Some of the popular ones include:

1-NetworkX: NetworkX is a powerful library for creating, analyzing, and visualizing complex networks and graphs. It provides a wide range of graph algorithms and supports various types of graphs, including directed, undirected, and multigraphs. NetworkX integrates well with other scientific libraries in Python.
Installation: You can install NetworkX using pip:

pip install networkx


2-Matplotlib: Matplotlib is a versatile plotting library in Python that can be used to create various types of visualizations, including graph visualizations. While it doesn't provide graph-specific functionalities like NetworkX, you can use it to visualize graphs created with other libraries.
Installation: You can install Matplotlib using pip:

pip install matplotlib


3-Graph-tool: Graph-tool is an efficient library for graph manipulation and analysis. It's particularly useful for large-scale graphs due to its efficient implementation. Graph-tool provides many graph algorithms and visualization capabilities.
Installation: Graph-tool has additional dependencies and might require specific installation instructions based on your operating system. Check the official documentation for installation guidelines: https://graph-tool.skewed.de/

PyGraphviz: PyGraphviz is a Python interface to the Graphviz graph visualization software. It allows you to create and visualize graphs directly from Python using Graphviz's powerful layout and rendering capabilities.
Installation: PyGraphviz requires Graphviz to be installed separately. You can install PyGraphviz using pip:

pip install pygraphviz


4-igraph: igraph is a fast and efficient library for working with graphs and networks. It supports a wide range of graph algorithms and provides visualization capabilities.
Installation: You can install igraph using pip:

pip install python-igraph


Each of these libraries has its strengths and use cases. If you need extensive graph manipulation and analysis capabilities, NetworkX and graph-tool are good options. For graph visualization alone, Matplotlib, PyGraphviz, and igraph are useful choices. Choose the one that best fits your specific needs and requirements.